About the job
Our goal: to digitally support people with speech problems. For example adults who have lost their speech after a stroke (aphasia), or children who have difficulties learning language. We want to help them to communicate better in their daily lives.



For the past 10 years, we have been developing scientifically based health applications for speech therapy. So far, we have developed three apps: Our aphasia app is one of the few health apps in Germany that can be prescribed by a doctor as a Digital Health Application (DiGA) and is reimbursed by all statutory health insurance companies. Our articulation app is a serious gaming app for kids and its costs are also covered by 79 health insurance companies. Milus Wörterreise is our first educational game app and has been on the market since November 2023.



We are an international and interdisciplinary team, enjoy our work, and pursue our goal with passion every day. Now we are looking for a Full Stack Developer with frontend focus to support our great tech team.



If the following points apply to you, you are the right fit for us:



You want to pursue meaningful work and enjoy helping people
You work efficiently, goal-oriented, and like to take on tasks independently
You are a team player and enjoy supporting others


Your tasks:



Creative app development: Design and implement innovative apps using React Native (Android, iOS, Web)
Ongoing development of our Node.js backend to support new features and improvements
Thorough testing and debugging to ensure highest quality
Agile collaboration: work closely together with our other developers within our agile development processes
Code reviews and mentorship by our experienced developers for continuous improvement
Start date: from now on
Location: Munich (directly at Marienplatz), remote work partly possible


Your qualifications:



Completed degree in Computer Science
Very good knowledge in JavaScript/TypeScript
Good proficiency in React
Experience in React Native (iOS / Android)
Experience with Expo preferred
Experience with NodeJS preferred
Interest in regulatory topics (information security, data protection, interoperability) in health care


What we offer:

 

Meaningful work. This is what unites us as a team.
Permanent contract, long-term perspective - we are self-financed through our revenues and not dependent on investors.
Overtime? Only when absolutely necessary. And then it's paid.
Great team and flat hierarchies.
Fun at work is a must.
Exciting work environment: You'll never get bored in the field of Digital Health.
The best coffee from Viktualienmarkt and a nice office in the heart of Munich.
Several team events throughout the year. 


We look forward to getting to know you!

