About the job
The Role

We are looking for an awesome in-house Full stack developer who will be contributing to the growth of Shoutly and help our team to achieve new ambitious goals!

We are looking for someone that feels comfortable in solving problems with code. And who gets excited about tackling challenges. We are open to all levels of experience for this position – junior to senior.

Our journey just started and you will have the opportunity to impact our future as a fast-growing tech company. 



Together we build a platform that is easy-to-use and provides scalable services.

For us the most important is who you are, your potential and your drive.



What we offer you

You will work with skilled, friendly, and creative people. We encourage you to make your ideas happen and you will have the possibility to work with several Fintech projects. We have a cool office in Stockholm city centre, and we have a lot of fun in the process building this company. Of course, we have flexible working hours as well.



Key responsibilities include but are not limited to

Take part in process of building/changing architecture both Frontend and Backend projects
Maintain and Update these projects
Develop integrations with other services 
Write unit tests and acceptance tests
Communicate with Designers regarding necessary slides and resources.
Take part in Sprint Plannings
Take part in Deployment processes
Implementation of security measures and routines
Suggest appropriate tools best suited to the business requirements
Contribute to internal documentation on architecture and features


Experience with following techniques:
Laravel, Mysql, Angular (TypeScript), REST API, Git, Nginx


Nice to know
Docker, Kubernetes, Playwright


We believe that you

Have experience working with Laravel and Angular
Have an academic background
Can convey ideas and opinions in a clear way
You have a true passion for tech and interest in financial products


Extra awesome but not required

Understanding of bookkeeping concepts
Swedish language skills


For more information or questions please contact us at asker@shoutly.com



Perks and benefits

This job comes with several perks and benefits

Flexible working hours
Free coffee / tea
Social gatherings
Near public transit
Free office snacks
Pension plan
Maternity / paternity leave
Healthcare insurance
New tech gear
Remote work allowed
Central office
Skill development
 

About Shoutly

Shoutly provides innovative solutions for automating corporate payroll payments. By using advanced technology, Shoutly eliminates manual processes and reduces the risk of errors. This results in significant time savings in administration, increased security, greater flexibility and transparency. In addition, the system provides valuable insights through automated reporting and supports multiple payment methods.

Employment Type
Full-time