About the job
About Us



explai is an AI-first, fast-moving startup on a mission to simplify data analytics for non-experts by building agents that automate data tools and train data skills. Freshly baked by a successful round of funding, we’re eager to build a dynamic team that shares our passion for making data analytics accessible to everyone, regardless of their technical background.



Job Description



As a Fullstack AI Engineer, you design and develop end-to-end user and agent experiences. For our users, this includes a notebook-type experience with rich, interactive elements to transform and explore data, train and infer data science models, micro tutoring users in data analysis, and a compelling data visualization and storytelling experience. For our agents (i.e. LLMs cooperating in our agentic platform), you design prompts, reasoning chains, and multi-agent graph flows. As one of our first hires, you’ll have a pivotal role, working closely with our founding team to design, develop, and deploy a scalable, user-friendly multi-agent architecture that orchestrates state-of-the-art machine learning tools. If you’re passionate about cutting-edge technology, eager to tackle challenging problems, and willing to work hard, we’d love to hear from you.



Minimum Qualification



Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.
5+ years of experience in software development of machine learning applications.
High Python proficiency and strong CI/CD practices for production-ready, high-quality code.
Experience with a cloud platform (AWS, GCP, Azure) and containerisation (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of database technologies (SQL, NoSQL)
Excellent problem-solving skills and a proactive attitude
Strong work ethic and collaboration skills


Optional Qualification



Hands-on experience with a multi-agent framework, such as LangChain.

Architect-level skills in JavaScript frameworks (we will outgrow Streamlit soon)

Fluency in data engineering and data science libraries (dbt, Ray, sklearn, forecasting, visualization)



How to Apply



Please email jobs@explai.com with a cover letter (why you, why us, location, salary expectations, start date). Only candidates with an existing EU work permit and residence can apply. We have a subsidiary in Germany and issue employement or freelance contracts in other European countries.