We’re seeking a passionate and driven CTO/Lead Engineer to join our mission of transforming the renewable energy landscape.

UpGrid is an energy FinTech platform that empowers consumers, businesses, and municipalities to trade and invest in local, green energy. We are building Switzerland’s largest energy community and have already secured early-stage funding. UpGrid is based in Zurich, Switzerland.

As a key member of the founding team, you’ll lead the technical vision and development of UpGrid’s innovative platform, shaping the future of local energy communities. We’re also open for part-time arrangements.

Our roadmap starts with connecting consumers and producers of renewable energy but will evolve into integrating smart consumers, such as heat pumps and EV charging. You’ll be working on:

Developing innovative software solutions that enable seamless energy trading, monitoring, and automation within local energy communities, allowing consumers and producers to efficiently manage their energy sources.
Pioneering at the intersection of IT and energy technology, including programming tasks that interface with solar installations, storage systems, and IoT devices to optimize energy production, consumption, and storage.
Collaborating with hardware components such as smart meters, inverters, and controllers to ensure efficient energy flow, load balancing, and the smooth operation of distributed energy systems.
Tasks
Don’t worry if you don’t tick every box - if you’re passionate about what we’re building, we encourage you to apply!

What we’re looking for:

Experience in software development (web applications, front-end/back-end)
Strong leadership and product ownership skills
Ability to guide external teams
Excitement to join as CTO / late co-founder and help us scale
Experience working for another Startup
Requirements
You don’t need to know everything - we work with external resources for the required areas (UI/UX, front and back-end) - but we need someone who can take charge of the overall technical vision and ensure the platform is scalable for the future.

Responsibilities:

Drive the development of our web application, overseeing both front-end and back-end
Ensure the long-term vision, scalability, and right tech stack for our platform
Take full end-to-end product ownership, collaborating with external development resources
Lead and expand the engineering team
Collaborate on strategic decisions as co-founder
We’re very flexible on time commitment, compensation, work mode, etc. but this isn’t a high-paying corporate job. You need to understand the startup life and be ready for what you’re getting into: building something impactful with limited resources.

If you're ready to build something meaningful from scratch, join us in making clean energy accessible to all!