About the job
Mission

At Cuinti, we are changing how sales and customer support teams upskill their employees through AI-powered roleplay and tailored feedback. As our first Software Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in shaping our product and company. You'll work closely with our co-founders to build a platform that is already empowering thousands of employees from leading companies like Audi, Allianz, and AXA.

Cuinti is backed by some of the best angel investors in Europe.



What You’ll Do

Work on hard, unsolved Problems: We are battling with what is currently possible. Our conversational AI system has very hard to reach requirements, both technically (such as latency) as well as conceptually (such as making it feel "more human").
Amaze our Users: Improve feedback loops and engage with amazing customers (such as Audi, AXA and Allianz) to understand their needs and translate them into technical requirements, acting as a bridge between the technical team and business stakeholders.
Fine-Tune LLMs and Deploy to Production: Work on fine-tuning large language models to meet specific business needs and establish benchmarking processes to evaluate their performance, including A/B tests and LLM-driven benchmarking.
Ensure Security and Data Privacy: Implement robust security measures and authentication protocols to protect user data and maintain system integrity.
Innovate and Influence: Bring fresh ideas to the table, influencing product direction and company strategy in a highly collaborative environment.
Tech Stack

Python, Github, Docker, Twilio, Redis, MongoDB, Huggingface, Azure, and more. With freedom to heavily influence our choice of tooling.



Who You Are

Pragmatic Developer: Understand coding best practices and know when to apply and especially also when NOT to apply them optimal results.
Technical Proficiency: Several years experience in building scalable production systems using Python, Docker, Redis, and MongoDB. Familiarity with Hugging Face models, phone systems and audio data is a plus.
Algorithmic Creativity: You have the experience and creativity to build and test new algorithms and architectures.
Startup Experience: Proven track record of working in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment or similar (e.g. VC or freelance)
Based in Europe: Eligible to work remotely in Europe, no matter if you are in Germany, France, Spain or in any other European country.
Experienced with production workflows: Proficient in pull requests, code reviews, CI/CD services, deployments, and collaborative development.
Data Savvy: Experienced in building scalable data pipelines with a focus on performance and latency.
Business Minded: Ability to understand and translate business requirements into technical solutions.
Excellent Communicator: Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Nice to have

Frontend Skills: Experience with React or other modern frontend frameworks to help us improve our frontend
Business Background: Prior experience in business roles that enhances understanding of customer needs.
Machine Learning Interest: While not required, an interest or basic knowledge in ML can be beneficial.
Audio Data & Phone System Experience: Having worked with μ-law data, knowing audio compression
Language Skills: Our product works across many languages, so being a polyglot would help in testing


Why join us?

High Impact Role: Significant ownership and the opportunity to shape the product and company direction.
Flexible Remote Work: Fully remote startup with the freedom to work from anywhere in Europe and flexible working hours with a monthly remote work budget for co-working or equipment.
Personal Growth Budget: Annual allowance for conferences, courses, books, or subscriptions to foster your professional development.
Exciting Team Offsites: Regular strategy meetings in fantastic locations across Europe.
Performance-Based Bonus: Monthly bonuses in addition to your salary, rewarding your contributions and achievements.
Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP): Opportunity to own a part of the company after having proven your impact
Who we are

We are Tim, Allegro & Jérôme. All of us have founded a company before and are passionate about building an amazing company with you as the first hire and corner piece of our team.



Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

Even if the current team looks like it lacks diversity, we are very committed to building an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcomed and valued. We are convinced that this drives innovation and is the only way forward. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, abilities, and experiences to apply - and we mean it.