Looking for an internship in frontend, backend, or full-stack development? Kickstart your career at Twentyfour!

We are always looking for passionate and motivated people who want to get started in the professional world of professional software development. Are you one of those? Then this is your place!



About Twentyfour (Who are we?)
Twentyfour is a software development agency located at Bella Center in Copenhagen.

We are a team of 25+ people of various nationalities.

We are working at a high speed and with a great portion of passion for what we do.

We love to be involved in difficult projects and complex solutions.

We are really nice people (if we are to say so ourselves) and we are working in informal and formal surroundings. 

We have a great lunch.

We have lots of social activities and fun across our teams (table football, table tennis, Friday bars, team building events, etc.).

Have an internship at Twentyfour, kick-start your career, and expand your professional network!



What do we do?
We solve problems for our customers by developing, integrating, and maintaining complex systems and websites. 

We do this by providing our team with the tools, challenges, and colleagues needed in order to solve interesting problems and enjoy their day-to-day with as little unnecessary stress as possible while we grow our business areas and transition to become primarily driven by recurring revenue.

This way we can work our best with the customers, projects, and products that are the right match.

We work with large Danish institutions and corporations such as Danmarks Nationalbank, Ørsted, DR, Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek, Green Mobility, Ferrosan, Amnesty International, Folketinget (The Danish Parliament), and many more.

 

Who are you?
We imagine that your studies are about web development, computer science, or similar. We have various positions concerning frontend development, backend development, and full-stack development.

You are a hard-working person and a good team player. At the same time, you know how to work independently and you are not afraid of challenges or taking responsibility. 

We expect you to be interested in learning various technologies and frameworks.

It’s an advantage if you have some experience in PHP, Java, Javascript, Python, and/or some other relevant programming language, Docker, Github, etc.



Our program
We have internships of various lengths (10 weeks, 4+ months, etc.) so it all depends on your education, job center, or a-kasse’s requirements.

We take good care of our interns and assign you a mentor during your time here. 

After a completed internship, we always consider your profile, your improvements during the internship, a fit at the company, and whether there’s a need for more people at the company.

We usually hire between two to four interns each year after their programs if there is a good match. 



Depending on the internship choice (frontend, backend, or full-stack), you will be working with the following:

HTML

CSS

Javascript

Nginx

Docker

PHP

Java, .NET, and Python among other programming languages when relevant to specific use cases 

JSON

REST API

WordPress

Breakdown and estimation of tasks

Customer relations

Various other technologies



How to apply
Please submit your resume and cover letter and we will reach out with the next step.

For more information or questions please contact us at job@twentyfour.dk
