About the job
Welcome to Mindpeak!

We are a Hamburg, Germany-based startup dedicated to democratizing cancer diagnostics. By leveraging artificial intelligence, we enhance pathologists' ability to identify cancer quickly and accurately. Our AI solution is the first to be implemented in clinical histopathology for primary diagnostics in the USA.

We address a critical challenge in modern healthcare: the growing demand for medical image analysis amid a static number of cancer experts. Utilizing state-of-the-art deep learning, we develop support tools for visual diagnosis that enable cancer experts to deliver reliable results and concentrate on areas where human expertise is essential. Optimizing cancer diagnostics with machine learning is complex and demands top-tier talent. At Mindpeak, you'll collaborate with industry leaders in deep learning, pathology and entrepreneurship.

We need you to make a difference in the world and shape the future of cancer diagnostics!

Your mission

As a Software Developer specializing in Python and JavaScript / TypeScript. You will play a pivotal role in our development team, driving the creation of our lab tools and shaping our technologies from the ground up. Digital pathology presents significant challenges, such as visualizing large images with millions of cell predictions and a large number of tumor area polygons. In this position you will roughly spend an equal amount of time on frontend and backend tasks.

At Mindpeak, the machine learning team develops AI models, while the development team ensures these models are efficiently served as APIs for various stakeholders. As part of the development team, you will be responsible for improving our backend and frontend systems, collaborating closely with your machine learning colleagues as well as our product design team.

A robustly engineered product is crucial to our mission of making pathology accessible worldwide. You will report directly to our VP of Engineering.

Your profile

MSc degree in Computer Science, similar field of study or equivalent practical experience.
At least 3 years of professional working experience with influential work on products.
Strong software development background in Python, JavaScript / TypeScript and web development (React knowledge is a plus)
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment with shifting priorities.
Curiosity about the technological ecosystem in laboratories, including whole-slide scanners and image viewers. Enjoying interdisciplinary teamwork, thinking outside the box.
Capability to work independently on your own projects.
Strong analytical skills and a commitment to continuous learning, mentoring, and knowledge sharing.
Experience working with Linux and Docker is a plus.
Linux server administration and operations is a plus.
Fluent in English; proficiency in German is a plus.

We're Looking For Someone Who

Build automation tools to optimize the efficiency of our data annotation pipeline.
Utilize state-of-the-art technologies like Docker, AWS, Python, and React to shape top-tier digital pathology tools.
Improve the efficiency of large scale visualizations in our Pathologist facing UI
Quickly implement prototype UI features based on mockups created straight from Pathologist feedback 
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.
Collaborate with product design, deep learning, and infrastructure specialists to ensure smooth daily operations.
Select the best approach for each task to ensure efficient and effective results.

Why us?

We Offer

The opportunity to bring cancer diagnostics to a whole new level.
An open and creative work environment.
Flat hierarchies and quick decision-making processes.
Knowledge exchange and close collaboration with skilled colleagues in a highly motivated international team, supported by an experienced management team.
Engaging and diverse tasks and projects to develop your skills and expertise.
A centrally located office with a captivating view of the Hamburg harbor.

Any questions?

Want to be on board?

Send your application (including curriculum vitae, university certificates, transcripts of records and job references) as Full-Stack Developer with your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date to jobs@mindpeak.ai. Contact Christine Stamer with questions: christine.stamer@mindpeak.ai.

Find more information about Mindpeak at www.mindpeak.ai. Join our network on XING or LinkedIn!

About Us

We are making the difference in pathology

We’re a Hamburg, Germany-based start-up with the mission to democratise cancer diagnostics. We apply artificial intelligence to improve pathologists‘ ability to identify cancer quickly and accurately.

The opportunity to take cancer diagnostics to a new level

We solve one of the most pressing challenges in modern healthcare: Demands for pathological image analysis are increasing rapidly, but the number of cancer experts remains stagnant.

We build support tools for visual diagnosis using state-of-the-art deep learning. Mindpeaks AI-tools help cancer experts deliver reliable and reproducible diagnoses and focus on areas where human expertise is indispensable.

Close cooperation in an international team

Optimizing cancer diagnostics with machine learning is challenging and requires the brightest minds. At Mindpeak, you will work closely with a team of industry experts in deep learning, pathology and entrepreneurship.

We need you to make a difference in the world and shape the future of cancer diagnostics!