About the job
Full-time or part-time position in Berlin, starting as soon as possible

About us: 


innn.it is the new campaigns platform. We encourage people to take initiative and start a campaign. For this purpose, we not only provide a free and powerful platform, but also offer tangible support for all those who want to campaign for positive social change. We support these people with our many years of experience, expertise and passion. We also lower the threshold to start legally binding initiatives and sign from home.

With innn.it, we want to get a little closer to a self-determined society. In times of digital networking, a single person can trigger entire social movements. We believe that by acting together, people will start to trust their own possibilities more again and move society forward: Change is possible!

We are a registered association based in Berlin and 100% donor-funded. You can find more information about us on our websites verein.innn.it and innn.it. 



About the role:
At innn.it we want to build a product that’s easy to use and that helps initiators achieve success with their campaigns. We are looking for a Frontend Developer who will develop with us new tools and features and bring them to life with a close eye on accessibility and usability. You’ll report to the Product Manager of the Product Team and work closely with our designer and engineers in a task-based flow. We make decisions as a team. We value transparency in our processes and make sure we communicate well with each other.



Your responsibilities:
Translate projects into applications. Sometimes from a very detailed project, sometimes from just a quick conversation, you’ll code the ideas discussed by the team.
Taking ownership of the task. From analyzing the task to delivering it, you are responsible to make sure that each step is taken care of.
Code layouts. You’ll receive layouts and translate it to React/Typescript.
Be part of application design. As a small team, we discuss a lot about what we are going to do, so you’ll not just code, but be part of design and architecture decisions.
Document the solutions you create. Some of the things you will develop will be used by other teams, so everything must be documented in a clear way and in English.
Review code from colleagues. You’ll review and manage the code from other developers, giving them meaningful feedback and sharing the knowledge (and learning from that too).
Be open to diverse tasks. From changing the color of a button to defining the architecture of a system, you should be open to tasks with different sizes and challenges.
Testing. You’ll write automated tests including unit tests and E2E tests.


This describes you:
You may have or not have a degree in the field. You may have learned code at university, on a codecamp, through an online course or as a hermit self-taught person.
You have at least five years of experience in coding JavaScript, especially using NodeJS.
You are familiar with TypeScript.
For the front end, you have experience with frameworks, especially React. Bonus if you have experience with CSS-in-JS (like Emotion), component-based systems and internationalization. You also code HTML with accessibility recommended practices.
For the backend, you are used to REST APIs, using tools like Express. 
You know how to use Git and git-flow.
You have an idea of deploying tools and methods. Bonus if you know how to use Docker and Kubernetes. 
Your code is beautifully crafted, like it’s programming literature. You keep good practices, you pay attention to naming and file structure, you comment on each step, you document everything, you DRY and you keep the standard indentation from beginning to the end.
You can think in the big picture but also think modularly. You know that projects have to be universal but specific at the same time.
You are a code person, but able to communicate it in a way to make it understandable to the laypeople. 
You know how to give meaningful feedback and share your knowledge with your peers. You are open to manage and review the work from colleagues.
You can work in an agile environment with task management concepts, like sprints and story points. You don’t need to know everything about it, but be very open to discuss and follow the team work processes.
You are passionate about social change and believe that digital tools can be effective to empower people and create communities.
You can work in an English-speaking environment. Knowledge of German is an asset.


What we offer:
Working on a social mission with a major social impact
A welcoming team with a high level of collegiality, humor, entrepreneurial spirit and energy
An agile, digitalized and flexible working environment
A job with many opportunities to help shape the organization
Remote work is possible; you will be asked to come to the office (located in the center of Berlin) for meetings and co-working 
This is a full-time or part-time position based in Berlin
Salary transparency with fixed groups based on their responsibilities
Salary between 55.000-65.000 € per year (full-time before taxes), for full time = 36 hrs/week 
Six weeks of vacation per year
Public transport ticket (“Deutschlandticket”) 
Representation by a works council
We value diversity and welcome all applications – regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion/belief, disability, age, length of unemployment, and sexual orientation and identity.

If you are unsure whether you meet the requirements of the position, we encourage you to apply anyway and let us know what you bring to the table.



How to apply:
Apply via email to jobs@innn.it (subject line: “Frontend Developer”) with your CV and a short cover letter that includes the following:

An introduction to yourself, telling why you would like to work at innn.it.
A link to your portfolio or Git service account (like Github or Bitbucket). Choose two to three works you are proud of and explain why.
With innn.it, we are getting closer to the vision of a self-determined society. We would be happy if you would support us in this!