About the job
Would you like to be in the front-line of changing the future of living with AI?



Komu Homes was founded in 2021 with the mission to revolutionize property management using AI. Currently, we manage properties for 410 tenants.



Our development team of five is focused on automating management processes by leveraging AI and traditional software solutions. Altogether, we are a team of 17 and steadily growing. Our culture is flat, transparent, and built on a foundation of collaboration and mutual enjoyment of our work.



As a Fullstack Developer, your primary goal will be to integrate seamlessly with our development team and deliver high-quality code. We’re looking for someone with an entrepreneurial mindset who thrives in a fast-paced startup environment. We place great importance on a strong desire to learn, a proactive attitude, and a genuine passion for personal growth.



Key responsiblities

Delivering projects in high quality that fit in with other systems.
Participating in ideation and innovation before anything is implemented in code.
Conducting quick and challenging experiments.
Conducting code reviews and giving high quality feedback.
Noticing and fixing bugs.
Develop, test, and deploy the application's front-end and back-end functionalities.
Ensure the application's performance, scalability, and security are optimized.


Requirements

On-going or finished master's degree + 3 years experience in software development or equivalent combination of experience and expertise
Strong knowhow in JavaScript or Typescript
Strong experience in fullstack web development
Strong understanding of databases
Proficiency with version control (Git)
Fluency with React
Excellent self-management skills
Passion to write high-quality and maintainable code
Ability to work independently and in a team environment
Strong and proven problem-solving skills
Experience in developing or applying AI solutions and knowledge of latest tools and applications


We also value

Passion and interest in personal development through leisure projects, hackathons, or other forms is seen as a plus :)
Experience on architectural design
Experience on all of the following technologies: React Native, Firebase, Node.js, TypeScript, JavaScript, OpenAI APIs, document databases, Google Cloud, Docker


What we offer

You will be given the opportunity to impact and take responsibility with the support of our CTO and rest of the talented team
Flexible working conditions
Great professional growth opportunities
Fast-paced startup environment
Ambitious yet friendly team :)
And other things we’ll be happy to tell you more about!


If you are interested contact me elias@komuhomes.com