About the job
Unlimitix is looking for a Technical Co-Founder/CTO (m/f/d)

ABOUT UNLIMITIX:

We believe that good weight loss coaching is heavily overpriced and should be accessible to everyone instead. We are hence on a mission to channel the scientific and practical knowledge of the world into one, smart diet plan and weight loss super coach, available to you anytime, anywhere. We have fresh capital in the bank to accelerate our progress to becoming the best personal nutrition coaching app out there!

OUR VALUES:

Radical Open-mindedness - To keep our progress at a maximum, develop ideas and maintain competitive advantage, radical honesty and openness are at the heart of the Unlimitix family.
Delivered ambition - A big dream is a compass without which we'd run in circles. But without acting on them, dreams soon turn into memories. That is why we value people who deliver on their ambitions.
Extreme ownership - Extreme ownership is a beautiful concept to move from complaints and blame to action and responsibility. This happens when everyone takes full control of everything that happens around them.


Tasks

We are looking for a Technical Co-Founder to make personal fitness and health coaching radically accessible for everyone!

Requirements

Experience in programming (Fullstack or App Development)
General interest or prior experience in artificial intelligence
Degree or studies in computer science or similar
Prior startup experience
Ideally, you have experience in fast-paced environments
Hardworking and committed to building a scalable company
Entrepreneurial mindset and favorably an interest in the health sector
Open-mindedness and a collaborative attitude


Benefits

Equal Co-Founder
Being part of a value-driven team with a big vision
Attractive compensation package, including stock options
High growth opportunities in technical and personal areas


If you're ready to revolutionize the coaching market with us and experience the ups and downs of a venture capital-funded startup, let's talk !

We are looking forward to hearing from you!
