About the job
Dear Future Founder,



Here's one way to change the world: Help small businesses adapt to new technologies. Did you know there are over 20 million SMBs in Europe, which make up 99% of all companies? They drive over half of our economy and are responsible for 2/3 of all jobs.



Yet, it's hard for them to implement new technologies like Generative AI.





The Mission



Our mission is to help European SMB owners to adopt technology and improve their businesses. If they do better, we all do better.



We're looking for a CTO / Technical Co-Founder for our portfolio company Glorya (www.glorya.ai). Glorya provides AI-enabled marketing automation services for small businesses in Germany.





About Us



We are a group of founders, investors, and growth experts led by serial entrepreneur Feliks Eyser, who has a background in SMB tech. Feliks started RegioHelden, a digital marketing platform for SMBs, which he grew to hundreds of employees and exited to a publicly listed company. Since then, he has invested in numerous SMB tech companies like Superchat, Nelly, Quotez, EterniTeam, Truckoo, and - of course - Glorya.





About Glorya.ai 



We are a young, fast-growing AI startup in marketing, helping small businesses become more visible through AI-powered products that reduce costs for running highly relevant ads. Basically, it's an AI-based replacement for a traditional marketing agency. We started the company just a few months ago, launched an MVP, and onboarded the first paying customers. The company is profitable and fast-growing.





The Role



As CTO, you will lead software development, work closely with the founder and investors, develop AI-based products, and recruit the tech team. The role offers high responsibility and significant equity.



Development of AI-powered internal products
Integration, training, and optimization of AI/LLM models
Use of low-code platforms like Retool, Airtable, and Make
Complex process automation
Building robust and scalable APIs
Continuous improvement of backend and frontend architecture and performance
Recruiting an AAA tech team
Co-developing the product roadmap with your co-founder




Your Background & Personality



You will be responsible for crafting a world-class product. 



You have 3-5 years of experience in start-ups in a technical role. Maybe you started a company before or you have worked in a fast-paced start-up environment.
You’re highly driven and resilient, with an upbeat "can-do personality."
You have a thirst for learning and personal growth. You are highly coachable.
You're an experienced full-stack software engineer who has worked in database management, API development, and have Git experience.
You're experienced with no-code/low-code platforms and AI model optimization.
You're proficient in German and English (both a must-have).




Your Benefits



Relevant two-digit share package (real shares, not VSOP)
Suitable cash compensation tailored to your life situation
High responsibility with a steep learning curve
Great office in the heart of Berlin Mitte (Hackescher Markt)
Driving growth of an AI startup that delivers real-world value to its customers every day
Close support from your co-founder and Founding Investors




Next Steps



Apply on LinkedIn with your profile.
If it fits, we'll make sure to get back to you to schedule an intro call.


We're looking forward to your application!



Best,

Feliks