

Join the Netlight Berlin team as a consultant and be a part of shaping the software products and technical solutions of today and tomorrow alongside your colleagues and clients. Carve your career path, starting somewhere familiar and building from there.



Focus on the digital product, but also on the team and the business.
Create and scale existing and new products and companies and continuously learn and master a variety of technical tools.
Work on projects in fields such as Backend, DevOps, Infrastructure, Cloud, Web Development, System Development, Architecture, Fullstack, and more.




Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree in Computer Science or Engineering


Minimum Qualifications



Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering AND 2 years of full-time working experience in a similar role
Working student and/or internship experience in agile software engineering roles
Verbal and written proficiency in English
Based in Berlin or willingness to relocate to Berlin (or see other open Netlight job ads) - no travelling required!






Come work with us



Netlight strives to be a truly diverse, equitable and inclusive organization. Regardless of who you are, what personality, background, and experience you have, you enrich our culture through your values. Netlight’s purpose is to unleash full potential, realize great careers, and fulfill personal growth. To achieve this, we have a highly engaged network organization, where every employee gets a mentor, delivery coach and personal communities. The key to our continued success is trust and personal responsibility, diverse experiences, challenging opportunities and developing from personal values. Every Netlighter is an active part of building and shaping this culture, which leads to a clear correlation between personal growth and the growth of Netlight.





About us



Netlight provides a full range of premium IT-consulting services at the forefront of the digital industry and stands out for its product- and technology-independent expertise in a wide range of industries and clients. We are a network organization of more than 2,000 role models making aspiring digital leaders successful in their business-critical IT projects. Netlight has been awarded several times as top employer, as well as for growth, continued profitability, and engagement for diversity, equity and equality within the IT industry. Today we are growing all across Europe, currently with more than 10 active international offices.





We are looking for newly graduated software developers with 1-2 years of relevant experience in tech projects. If we find that your profile matches what we are looking for, you will hear from us within two weeks of applying.



We're looking forward to hearing from you!

