About the job
Company description



Digital media, entertainment, and e-commerce brands are investing in AI, predictive analytics and personalization technologies to offer a digital experience that is unique to each consumer. Contentwise is an industry pioneer in leveraging machine learning techniques to deliver bespoke digital customer experience for global brands such as Mediaset, SK Broadband, Sky, Telecom Argentina, and Telefonica.



ContentWise is a company of Moviri, a global software and professional services leader with long-standing relationships with hundreds of enterprise customers worldwide. Founded in 2000, Moviri is today a multinational technology group with offices in Milan, Boston, Padua, Los Angeles, and Singapore.



Job Description



At ContentWise, our Fullstack Engineers are responsible for designing and developing user interfaces, ensuring a seamless and engaging user experience. They implement UI/UX designs, optimize performance, and ensure cross-browser compatibility. The team collaborates closely with backend developers to integrate APIs, writes clean and maintainable code, and stays updated with industry trends.



Full-time position at the Milan office with a hybrid flex work policy.



Key Responsibilities



Translate design mockups and wireframes into high-quality, responsive, and interactive web pages
Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code, and participate in code reviews to uphold coding standards and best practices;
Work closely with backend engineering teams to integrate APIs and ensure seamless data flow and functionality between the frontend and backend systems;
Keep up-to-date with the latest industry trends, tools, and technologies to continually improve the development process and incorporate new features and functionalities;


Qualifications and Experience



BS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline;
Experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript;
Experience or familiarity with React.js and Next.js;
Experience or familiarity with version control systems, preferably Git;
Experience or familiarity with backend languages, preferably with Java, Kotlin or Python;
Experience or familiarity with SQL databases, preferably MySQL;
(Nice to have) 1+ year of work experience;
(Nice to have) Experience of familiarity with containerization technologies like Docker;
(Nice to have) Experience or familiarity with cloud platforms like AWS, GCP, or Azure;
Passionate about experimenting with cutting-edge technologies;
Strong communication skills and the ability to work well with others:


Compensation & Benefits



Join Our Team and Make a Real Impact: in Moviri we're on the lookout for dynamic individuals who want to be a driving force in their field, making a significant difference from day one.
Flexibility and Trust: from the moment you step in, you're not just ad employee, but you're part of the team of talented collegues. Moviri value freedom and responsibility, giving you the autonomy to excel and contribute your best in Hybrid mode
Competitive Salary and Company Welfare: Your hard work deserves recognition! Enjoy a competitive salary that reflects your skills and dedication. As a part of our team, you'll also receive a company welfare package of €600, useful for fluel, bills, as well as wellness and well-being!
Sustainability: in our office, you will always have access to fresh fruit thanks to Cortilia. In Moviri, we are committed to connecting conscious customers with local products and producers, all while prioritizing environmental and social responsibility.


Join our team



We cannot realize any of our ambitions or achieve any of our goals without the right talent. If this sounds like you, please apply now. It may be the start of your next chapter!